you and you and I are gonna make a
chowder and we gonna serve it in a bread
basket something simple finished fresh
local caught fish let's go I'm pretty
excited to prepare this food i I think
that listen to some of these changes are
gonna be what does it for us self it's
such a horrible making onions celery and
with a touch of Tabasco oh my gosh I'm
standing here next to Chef Ramsay he's
showing me food that he likes and he
thinks will work you better take
advantage of it it's all I can think of
right
very nice chowder yeah gonna do a little
poached salmon as well so someone in
three or four minutes in there the whole
thing has to fresh out of the broth over
to easy dishes to make the pressure less
on the line they say yeah I hope you are
with the special set Gordon decides to
implement one other change to the dinner
service Scott you said you want to be
more involved tonight run a section
present the menu welcome them hand over
take the order push the specials and
serve Scott is gonna get beat up really
bad tonight I'd like to laugh at him a
little bit he's gonna be running your
station tonight give him your apron yes
I think we're on the string to go round
and yeah prove that you're not some
scary monster that wants to beat the
crap out over Lee does that large egg
have a smile or not sure I'm [ __ ] out
okay yeah good luck push the specials
beside them don't scare them
with customers starting to arrive
Scott is embracing being a waiter the
kitchen seems ready with the new
specials I'll keep my eye in the window
communicate with you and he's doing good
[Music]
Rollie pollie like a chimpanzee hanging
over a cage looking for something hours
later
[Music]
give us something unfair yeah
it's a half hour into dinner service and
the new fresh seafood specials are a
popular choice I'm a fish chowder at
seafood jumpy as the tickets pile in
three special salmon in a chowder the
challenge now is getting the food out
god I need those special salmon Bulo
special wipes I'd call for stuff and
they be not listening to my organization
and what I wanted to have come up to the
hot plate one piece of salmon did you
season it with salt like I said oh [ __ ]
you did I need it yesterday get it done
not one table come out of this kitchen
completed yet come on it's so
frustrating looking at the cooks behind
the line because they don't actually
give a damn
so Aaron's got his work cut out and you
can't work with that Deadwood no chance
with Aaron's orders falling on deaf ears
I'm dying dying for those Alfredo's very
little food has left the kitchen
shakin that's getting bad
look you guys it didn't say cheese on
the ticket I can't have cheese on the
burger what are we gonna do we gotta fix
this I don't know nothing
the waiting forever for this food we got
no very special gun I need a new bond
for this kid burger please hand time
give me a new bond now Aaron
look at me he's got to do it yeah you
can't lock up for them can we run that
come right back for that kid burger
please
[Music]
and the place to go going down in flames
the tickets are backed up nothing's
coming out it turned into a total
disaster
hello my name's needle